feat(serverless): pricing references update (#6473)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-jobs/faq.mdx

* **vCPU consumption:** The vCPU consumption is obtained by multiplying the vCPU tier chosen by the job run duration.
* **Ephemeral storage:** Is free of charge, the maximum value of ephemeral storage depends on the memory value.

> Serverless Jobsis billed on a pay-as-you-go basis, strictly on resource consumption (Memory and CPU). You only pay for the computing resources you use, with no upfront provisioning costs or charges for idle capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Jobs is billed on a pay-as-you-go basis, strictly on resource consumption (Memory and CPU). You only pay for the computing resources you use, with no upfront provisioning costs or charges for idle capacity.
```

> For detailed and up-to-date pricing information, please refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-jobs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed and up-to-date information on pricing, refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-jobs).
```

| Amount of vCPU allocated   | 1120 mvCPU       |
| Free tier                  | Yes              |

#### Price calculation

<Message type="info">

> This calculation is provided for illustrative purposes only. For accurate and up-to-date pricing, please refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-containers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This calculation is provided for illustrative purposes only. For detailed and up-to-date information on pricing, refer to the [official Scaleway pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/serverless/#serverless-containers).
```
